This is a snapshot of the zorilla system. Don't expect anything to work yet, as
it is very much work in progress. Zorilla is a Peer-to-Peer supercomputing 
system. Zorilla nodes join together in a P2P network to cooperate in running 
supercomputing applications.

Zorilla consists of 4 sub parts:

1) node     A damon type application which is able to join a Zorilla P2P
            network, find resources, schedule jobs, etc.
2) apps     Utility applications usefull to submit jobs, list information on
            a zorilla node, etc
3) zoni     An implementation of the Zorilla Node Interface used to contact
            a running zorilla node from a client. Used in the apps, the Zorilla
            GAT adaptor, etc.
4) bamboo   Customized version of the Bamboo DHT (www.bamboo-dht.org) system
            created by Sean Rhea see bamboo/LICENSE for the license of bamboo

---- DOCUMENTATION ----

for documentation, see the docs directory. Also see the javadoc directory in
the zoni directory for an overview of classes and functions

---- RUNNING ZORILLA ----

there are several scripts in the "bin" directory to start and use Zorilla.

bin/zorilla     start a zorilla node
bin/zubmit      submit jobs to a zorilla node
bin/zee         print information on jobs and genral status of a node
bin/zet         set attributes of jobs and nodes
bin/zap         kill jobs and nodes

All these scripts need a ZORILLA_HOME environment variable set to the location
of your zorilla installation and JAVA_HOME set to the location of your java
installation

use the --help option of each script to find out about the options. using no
options at all should suffice for most scripts though.

configuration options of zorilla can be set in multiple ways:

1) using the command line options of the "zorilla" script (see --help)
2) using system properties (usually set with the -Dvariable=key option of java)
3) using a configuration file (default location $HOME/.zorilla/config) consisting of
   lines with variable=key pairs

use the "--config_options" option for a list of valid options and a short
description for each. 
